c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\NUnit3.TestAdapter.pdb
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\nunit.engine.api.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\AtataFramework.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\AtataFramework.pdb
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Atata.Bootstrap.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Atata.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Atata.WebDriverExtras.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Atata.xml
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Atata.Bootstrap.xml
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\Atata.WebDriverExtras.xml
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.pdb
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\obj\Debug\AtataFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\obj\Debug\AtataFramework.dll
c:\users\gaofei88\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AtataFramework\AtataFramework\obj\Debug\AtataFramework.pdb
